>> You are listening to the
Weight Loss Mind Talk audio.
In a moment the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen
to this Mind Talk
if you're driving or
operating machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you will
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all
that you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back and let
go, and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate manicured lawns.
The sun is shining and
the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it,
and there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all
and you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors
and you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here,
and you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you now to
take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out,
you can relax deeper.
And a little deeper now.
You take a gentle
walk around the garden
and you're barefoot as you walk.
You can feel the lush
green grass underfoot.
And you walk towards
some beautiful flowers,
and as you get nearer you can
smell that beautiful fragrant
scent.
The colors are magnificent
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
Now taking in another
long deep breath.
And as you inhale the
rich fragrant scent,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden
and you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path,
stepping down easily
onto the wide steps beneath you
as you go deeper and deeper.
You relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty,
and it has golden sand, like
a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet
and you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea
and you watch as the
waves rhythmically
roll in and out again, one
after the other, gentle rhythmic
waves rolling towards the
beach and back out again.
The sound of the waves
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently
shines down on you,
with the warm sea gently
sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards.
Relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the seas
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink down deeper
than before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles,
and it's warm and
inviting as you
let your toes test the water
with every wave that rolls in
and back out again.
And after a while,
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach and
there's a lovely deck chair
waiting just for you on
the sand under an umbrella,
offering just the
right amount of shade.
You take a seat and
you relax deeply now.
You take in a deep
breath and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out the
calming sea again
and you notice the sky, a clear
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase,
a beautiful staircase
with polished, ornate
banister running down
alongside a deep
rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps leading
gently down, 10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment, I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me.
And I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable and the
more relaxed you'll become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to 1.
10, deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
9, deeply relaxed,
8, more and more relaxed
now, sinking even further
into relaxation.
7, deeply comfortable,
feeling every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
6, 5, even further into your
deep state of relaxation now.
4, allowing your mind and
body to fully relax as you
sink further into
deep relaxation.
3, comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
w, almost at the bottom now.
There's one more step to go.
And 1, going deeper
and deeper down now
into hypnosis, all the way down
to that deeper, healthier level
of mind, deeper than
you've ever been.
And as you reach the
bottom of the staircase,
letting go of the
banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time and you let
nothing bother or concern you
at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at
the bottom of those steps,
feeling so very comfortable,
very relaxed and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
the ordinary, everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now,
as you sit deeply into the
comfortable relaxing state
deeply inside of you.
Your subconscious mind
still fully alert and aware
but you're ready for the
changes about to come.
It may be that you've
recently been feeling
uncomfortable with your weight.
Perhaps you're able
to remember a time
when you were just
the ideal weight
and shape for your height.
Or perhaps you've never
been that ideal weight.
It really doesn't
matter, because you
can imagine how it will
feel when you have lost
that extra weight
and how it will
feel to be able to
move easily and freely
without the burden of carrying
around all that extra weight.
Being unable to wear all
the clothes that you know
would look so good
on a slimmer body.
Having much more energy.
Being proud of your body.
Enjoying more confidence.
Having more control.
Feeling pride over the
healthy foods you're eating.
Enjoying the
exercise you're doing
and not hiding away as you're
embarrassed of the body
you have now.
You're tired of being
fearful every time you step
onto the scales and
watching how the pounds have
been steadily creeping up.
And you're ready and excited
to make that change now.
You're ready to make
the change and to become
the slimmer and
healthier version of you
that you so desperately want.
And because you have decided
that now is the time,
you are determined to make
that change once and for all.
And you're sick of
going back and forth.
You're determined to
stick to your decision now
and to see those exciting
changes take place.
You're realistic and you know
that actually weight loss
can be easy.
There are no
complicated rules here
and you're going to lose that
excess weight, not immediately,
not in a week or two, but
over the next few months.
You're ready to make
that lifestyle change
and it all begins now as
you relax deeper and deeper.
I'd like now to think
about when you first
started losing control
over the portions
or amount of food or choice
of food that you were eating.
As a result, you may have
become an emotional eater
or an angry, destructive
eater, habitual or ignorant
over-eater.
It really doesn't matter
which one you are.
We're going to work on undoing
all those unhealthy eating
habits now and make that
change once and for all.
We all start off our lives
with normal thinking patterns
around food.
But somehow, your
thinking has changed.
I'd like you now to have a
think about whether you're
eating to make yourself
happy, or is it boredom.
Think about how you went
from being normal about food
to not being in control anymore.
I'd like you now to think about
why you want to lose weight.
You know that losing
weight for someone else
is not going to be enough
of motivation for you.
Losing weight for
someone to love you,
for people to like you is
completely the wrong reason
and you won't see any
long-term results there.
This decision must
be completely yours.
Losing weight permanently
and healthily will only
be possible if you're doing
it for the right reason.
The reason should be for
yourself, not for anyone else.
You know that you need to
change your habit of thinking
around food And once you change
your thinking around food,
the actions around
food will change.
The action of overeating
or eating the wrong foods
will go forever.
But first we need to change your
habit of thinking around food.
Once you've broken that habitual
thinking which your mind has
created, then you'll soon
see how your actions will in
turn change too.
You know that diet pills don't
change your thinking, which
is why the minute people
come off their diet
pills their thinking habits
of food, of eating too much,
or eating junk food comes
straight back again,
and maybe they put the weight
straight back on again.
So we really need to change
your thinking around food now,
and you're ready to
make that change.
I'd like you now to think about
when you were a little child
and you were offered a slice
of cake, perhaps at a party.
You may have taken a bite
and then run off to play
and perhaps come back for
another bite, so easily
distracted, not in
a rush to finish
the cake, no worrying about
the cake disappearing.
We're all born with the
same thinking around food.
Just like when you
were this little child,
you didn't worry
about food being
a rarity, about that slice
of cake being a naughty food,
so you ran off and came back.
It was no big deal.
In fact, food wasn't
the main focus your day.
Something happened in your
life and now your thinking
has changed and you've
reframed those foods,
and now food has become
your main focus of your day.
And one of the
main problems here
is that the more you
resist certain foods,
the more you want them.
And we really need to
change your thinking here.
There will be no
more resisting foods.
You almost want to be
indifferent to food,
to be disinterested.
It's no longer the
focus of your day.
You no longer tell yourself you
can't have that slice of cake,
you can't have those
biscuits or chocolates.
Instead, you tell yourself
that you can have those foods.
But you can have them
tomorrow or the day
after or later, just not now.
By thinking in this
way, you're not
resisting foods and therefore
creating even bigger motivation
to eat that food.
From now on, your
subconscious mind no longer
fights and resists
unhealthy foods,
as this will only increase
your motivation for it.
It will consume you.
From now on, your
brain will only
want healthy, nutritious,
and tasty food.
You're no longer
interested in sugar
and pesticides and colorings.
You only crave healthy, whole
foods that fuel your body.
From now on, if you see a
cake or unhealthy treat,
you may feel like
you would love one
but you realize that you love
fitting into your clothes
even more.
You choose yourself
as a priority.
You know that you can have that
treat but you choose not to.
You don't overthink it.
You simply tell
yourself you can have it
and you can have it tomorrow
or later or next week.
But right now, you
choose a healthy option
and you feel pride as you
eat that healthy alternative.
You feel satisfaction
and confidence
as you fit into your clothes
much more comfortably now.
And those feelings
of satisfaction
grow stronger and
stronger as you
start to see the
changes in your body.
From now on, you feel the
freedom of not always obsessing
over food.
You love your body, and you're
excited about eating better
food, about looking better,
feeling and looking younger
and having much more energy.
You no longer want
that guilty feeling
after you've eaten too much
or too much of the wrong food.
You're done with
that feeling now.
If you know that
you're going to be
craving something at
a certain time of day,
craving something sweet to
eat, and from now on you
make sure that you have
a healthy alternative
ready to go, ready to
get rid of that craving.
You know that cutting
something out won't work
and it will only make
it worse and motivate
you to eat that food even more.
You're no longer
going to yo-yo diet.
No more rewarding yourself
for losing the weight
with other foods.
No more rewarding yourself
with ice cream or chocolate
if you lose a few pounds.
You're depriving
yourself of those foods
and then punishing yourself
with bad foods again,
and you want this vicious
circle to end once and for all.
You're aware of portions and
you stop when you feel full.
You no longer want to feel
so full that you feel sick.
You realize that
any happiness you
feel after eating those
foods is false happiness,
and you no longer want to
feel that false happiness
and you stop this habit now.
You have respect and
love for your body,
and you no longer want to
hate it or punish it anymore.
You don't push yourself to do
exercise that you don't enjoy,
as this won't work long term.
Instead, you find something
you're interested in,
that you fall in love with,
that you're passionate about,
that makes you happy.
And because you enjoy it,
you're much more interested
in it and you're much
more likely to keep
it going and seeing
results from doing it.
And your body is loving
the new healthier way
of eating and the movement
that it's experiencing.
You're now going to
choose to eat healthily.
There's no forcing your body to
do what it doesn't want to do.
You remember that motivation
will increase if you
deny yourself of something.
And if you don't
enjoy healthy foods,
then you need to retrain your
taste buds, slowly but surely.
And you can do this in time.
And you're excited to do this.
And you start by taking
a small bite of something
new every day.
And after 10 days, you will
have changed your taste buds
and you'll start to love the
new fresh, healthy flavors.
Your whole new way of
thinking is about choice,
and you choose to
leave that biscuit.
You choose to step away
from any foods that
aren't considered healthy.
You know you can have them
later but not right now.
Tell yourself you
can have them later.
And by doing this,
there's no resistance.
You're not increasing
that motivation.
You're tricking your mind.
You're using your
mind's ability.
You choose different
items of food.
You choose to be slimmer.
You know that right now your
weight isn't making you happy.
And you know that
now is the time
to work on reframing
of food here.
You're choosing to go
to the gym or choosing
to go for a fast walk.
Whatever it is that
works for your body,
you're making these choices.
Choosing to eat healthily.
No forcing your body to do
what it doesn't want to do.
You remember that if
you feel like you really
do want a treat and no healthy
alternative is available,
you know that you can
have the odd treat.
You ideally aim for
80% healthy foods,
and the other 20% is for you
to have a treat every now
and then, but it's controlled
and you do not go overboard.
To help you make these
changes, you no longer
keep these treats of
sugar in your home.
You get them out of sight.
You know that if you
can see those foods,
you'll want them even more.
So you no longer keep
them in your home.
And you know that sugar is
one of the most harmful toxins
and is a poison for your body.
You know that fats
are safe, those
good fats in the form of nuts
and avocados or oily fish,
and you're not afraid of fat.
But sugar is something you very
much stay away from from now
on.
Remember, there's no forcing
your body to do anything.
You're simply
making that choice.
You're choosing to be healthy.
You're choosing to
do a form of exercise
that you love, whether it's
tennis or walking, yoga
or Zumba, whatever it may be,
it's something that you love
and you can then
stick with it and it
will have some huge
results for you,
along with your healthy
way of eating and new mind
set towards exercise and food.
I'd like you now to imagine that
you are slim, you're healthy.
You are your ideal weight, your
ideal shape for your height,
and you look good.
You feel good.
This is your ideal self.
So take that image in your
mind of your ideal self
and place it up there in
the top corner of your mind
to remind yourself over and over
again how good it will be when
you've lost that excess weight.
Remind yourself of that
visual image of what it is you
want to look like and you
see it over and over again
as a form of motivation,
slowly but surely
and healthily
reaching your goal.
Your determination and
motivation has doubled now
and you're excited to start
this new healthy lifestyle.
You're excited to start making
those changes once and for all.
And the more you listen
to this Mind Talk,
the more you're reframing those
thinking patterns around food
and the more determined
and motivated you'll become
to start making those changes.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind
and will get more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now.
One, two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.